compiler made by following steps on this page https://www.sigbus.info/compilerbook

# How does this works?

the given source code is compiled following these steps.

1. tokenize - convert string to array of tokens which is like a word in English e.g. ("if", "a", "123", ";", "("...)
2. parse - conver array of tokens to tree structure of program.
3. code generation - generate code from tree structure of the program generated by "parse" step.


## Tokenize

In this program, array of tokens are declared as a pointer to a structure (which has pointer to the next array of tokens.)

The global variable ```Token* token;``` in tokenize.c is the array of tokens.

### What is consume() and expect() fuinctions?

to avoid complications from accessing global variable of token from parsing-functions, ```consume...()``` function and ```expect...()``` functions are declared.
These functions reads current token and checks whether it matches certain conditions specified by function parameters and each different functions like ```consume()```, ```expectNum()``` etc.

The difference of ```consume...()``` and ```expect...()``` is the action when the token doesn't matches the conditions.
```consume``` simply returns bool of whether the token matches the conditions.
```expect``` functions outputs error and exits the program when the next token doesn't matches the conditions.

```atEof()``` function is also this type of function. This function's condition is whether it's EOF token or not. And this is ```consume```-type function

## Parse

## Codegen


